# 2023-spring-Aberdeen-10-SleepOnTime
## 1.1Product Description
SleepOnTime is a software that provides sleep time monitoring for working people, students and other groups who need to sleep regularly. The product is close to the user's daily life and has a broad market prospect. The product is designed to meet the individual needs of different user groups. By providing an interactive way of APP, it can restrict the use of specific software during specific hours, display health tips, count and analyse sleep time and other functions, thus helping users to control the time they use their mobile phones at night, improve their sleep quality, understand their sleep situation and develop a regular routine. The product will be developed using Kotlin as the development syntax and Android Studio as the development tool.
## 1.2Introduction to the main functions
### 1.2.1Restricting the use of other software for a specific period of time
The user can set a sleep start time and a sleep end time according to their needs, during which SleepOnTime will put the user's phone into a locked state and restrict the use of other software. In exceptional circumstances, the user can use the limited unlocking opportunity to unlock the phone in advanced. Each month the user has three opportunities to unlock the phone. If all three opportunities have been used and there is still a need to unlock the phone, the user will have to watch an advert to get the extra opportunity. This is a simple and effective restriction that significantly reduces the amount of time users spend browsing apps such as Xiaohongshu, Tiktok and e-novels before going to bed, leading users to develop healthy habits.
### 1.2.2Playing sleep aid audio
Users can select sleep aids from the library and set the duration of playback to help them fall asleep according to their needs. Sleeping audio will cover a variety of different styles to meet the needs of different user groups, such as pure music, white noise, audio books, etc.
### 1.2.3Lockout time and duration statistics
The software will record the daily start time and duration of the lockout state, analyse and visualise the data on a monthly basis. Users can check their sleep time and adjust their sleep schedule by viewing the records. At the same time, the software will remind users who use the early unlock function several times and encourage them to stick to their sleep plan.
## 1.3Project innovations
### 1.3.1Minimalist interface design
In recent years, most software on the market has pursued a variety of software functions and a full interface design. However, with the intensification of the internal volume, work pressure and academic pressure constantly squeeze the entertainment time of young people today, people gradually tend to use mobile phone software that is easy to use, simple to operate and has a minimalist interface. APPs such as Quark Browser, Curtain and One Word, which mainly focus on "minimalist" design, are rapidly becoming popular. Compared to self-discipline apps such as TomatoTODO and FattyCat, SleepOnTime's interface is designed in a "minimalist" style. The minimalist interface not only improves responsiveness to a certain extent, but also enhances the visual aesthetics by using solid colours to clearly reflect the main functions of the software, helping users to quickly familiarise themselves with the interface and operation of the software. At the same time, the simple operation steps help users to save time on unnecessary entertainment such as decorating personal pages, changing avatars, socialising and so on.
### 1.3.2Professional Sleep Aid Audio Library
The software provides a wide range of professional sleep aids to meet the needs of different user groups, such as pure music, white noise and audio books. In addition, the software encourages the uploading of original sleep-aid audio by sleep-aid audio biographers, which enriches the library of sleep-aid audio and provides a platform for professional sleep-aid audio creators to showcase and attract more users. Compared to YouTube, bilibili and other platforms where videos are mixed under the "sleep aid" tag, SleepOnTime can ensure the quality of sleep aid audio in the app from a professional perspective, effectively helping users to improve their sleep quality.
